---
layout: page
title: Terms and Contitions
include_in_header: false
---

**Last updated**  
June 4 2025

# Terms and Conditions

## General Terms

By accessing and placing an order with ReadHero, you confirm that you are in agreement with and bound by the terms of service contained in these Terms & Conditions. These terms apply to the entire website and any communication between you and ReadHero.

Under no circumstances shall the ReadHero team be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages, including but not limited to loss of data or profit, arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on this site. If your use of materials from this site results in the need for servicing, repair, or correction of equipment or data, you assume any costs thereof.

ReadHero will not be responsible for any outcome that may occur during the course of usage of our resources. We reserve the right to change prices and revise the resources usage policy at any moment.

## License

ReadHero grants you a revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to download, install, and use the app strictly in accordance with these Terms & Conditions.

These Terms & Conditions are a contract between you and ReadHero ("ReadHero", "us", "we", or "our"), the provider of the ReadHero website and the services accessible from the ReadHero website (collectively referred to as the "ReadHero Service").

You are agreeing to be bound by these Terms & Conditions. If you do not agree to these Terms & Conditions, please do not use the ReadHero Service. In these Terms & Conditions, "you" refers both to you as an individual and to the entity you represent. If you violate any of these Terms & Conditions, we reserve the right to cancel your account or block access to your account without notice.

## Definitions

For the purposes of these Terms & Conditions:

- **Cookie**: A small amount of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser. It is used to identify your browser, provide analytics, remember information about you such as your language preference or login information.

- **Company**: Refers to ReadHero, responsible for your information under these Terms & Conditions.

- **Country**: Where ReadHero or the owners/founders of ReadHero are based, in this case, Germany.

- **Device**: Any internet-connected device such as a phone, tablet, computer, or any other device that can be used to visit ReadHero and use the services.

- **Service**: Refers to the service provided by ReadHero as described in the relative terms and on this platform.

- **Third-party service**: Refers to advertisers, contest sponsors, promotional and marketing partners, and others who provide our content or whose products or services we think may interest you.

- **Website**: ReadHero's site, accessible via this URL: [https://readhero.my.canva.site/](https://readhero.my.canva.site/)

- **You**: A person or entity that is registered with ReadHero to use the Services.

## Restrictions

You agree not to, and you will not permit others to:

- License, sell, rent, lease, assign, distribute, transmit, host, outsource, disclose, or otherwise commercially exploit the app or make the platform available to any third party.

- Modify, make derivative works of, disassemble, decrypt, reverse compile, or reverse engineer any part of the app.

- Remove, alter, or obscure any proprietary notice (including any notice of copyright or trademark) of ReadHero or its affiliates, partners, suppliers, or the licensors of the app.

## Return and Refund Policy

Thanks for shopping at ReadHero. We appreciate the fact that you like to buy the stuff we build. We also want to make sure you have a rewarding experience while you’re exploring, evaluating, and purchasing our products.

As with any shopping experience, there are terms and conditions that apply to transactions at ReadHero. The main thing to remember is that by placing an order or making a purchase at ReadHero, you agree to the terms along with ReadHero's Privacy Policy.

If, for any reason, you are not completely satisfied with any good or service that we provide, don't hesitate to contact us, and we will discuss any of the issues you are going through with our product.

## Your Suggestions

Any feedback, comments, ideas, improvements, or suggestions (collectively, "Suggestions") provided by you to ReadHero with respect to the app shall remain the sole and exclusive property of ReadHero.

ReadHero shall be free to use, copy, modify, publish, or redistribute the Suggestions for any purpose and in any way without any credit or any compensation to you.

## Your Consent

We've updated our Terms & Conditions to provide you with complete transparency into what is being set when you visit our site and how it's being used. By using our app, registering an account, or making a purchase, you hereby consent to our Terms & Conditions.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about these Terms & Conditions, please contact us at:

📧 **readheroapp@gmail.com**
